this is a rare example of a video where
I know for a fact some people even if
it's only a few dozen people are gonna
see this who've never watched my channel
before who have no idea who I am or what
kind of content we usually talk about
here so I'm gonna get straight to the
point
in case you only watched the first two
minutes of this video
my advice for a Nisshin my advice for
anyone in a circumstance remotely
resembling the disaster and the Sienna
got himself into in this last year is
stop explaining there are these
situations where as a man
explaining more and more only makes your
situation worse and worse don't explain
just state one that you sympathize
demonstrate that you sympathize and to
state that you understand the
seriousness of the situation
that's all that anyone needs to hear out
of your mouth nobody needs to hear whose
fault it is nobody needs to hear you
apportioning blame nobody needs to hear
you explaining what your own motivations
were at the time one year ago this
disaster and initia knife started
unfolding phase one of his disaster is
almost exactly one year ago today okay
and he made all these really complex
overwrought videos explaining what he
was thinking and what he was turned on
by if lucky was aspiring to do and how
he feels about his wife and how he feels
about the other woman and no no all he
needed to do was come on camera and say
I understand a lot of people have hurt
feelings I understand that you're upset
the other women is life you're upset for
a good reason I know how hard this must
be for you dun dun dun Jesus Christ yeah
it blows my mind I mean I'll say why I
care about an se on at all in just a
minute
but I mean I think part of the problem
both for the men and for the women
hearing this sort of thing so many of us
are raised to expect a problem to be
responded to by our parents or by our
schoolteachers by a person in authority
personal they expect a problem to be
responded to with these words don't
worry about it it's not a problem
it'll be okay and you probably grow up
thinking that those words are virtuous
and kind and responsible and they're not
they're dismissive and insulting and
they escalate a conflict to this kind
the last thing a woman needs to hear
when her heart is breaking when you're
in these bizarre and terrible situations
real or imaginary the last thing the
woman needs to hear is it'll be okay
it's alright it doesn't matter
these things all amount to telling
someone you're upset for no good reason
the last thing she needs to hear is
you're upset but it's your fault
you're upset but just take the opposite
course even if you can't accept
responsibility and say that it's your
fault maybe it is maybe it isn't maybe
you can say that maybe you can't just
sympathize I before I said say that you
don't see that you sympathize prove that
you sympathize demonstrate that you
sympathize and say that you understand
how serious the situation is ended
yeah one year ago when this girl so
there's a Nisshin there's his wife and
there's the other woman the other
woman's name is Billie so she's a she's
a female but you're her name or a
nickname is his Billy 1 year ago
Billy put up a video and to my knowledge
she was 18 years old at the time she
could have turned 19 I don't know when
her birthday is but this relationship
started when she was an 18 year old girl
and 1 year ago when phase 1 of this
disaster happened and a Nisshin had
destroyed his marriage over this girl in
volt for a situation involving this girl
his wife had left him his wife had moved
out of the house his wife made him sign
an agreement about custody and he was
paying in effect child support briefly
his marriage disintegrated they patched
it up they got back together a very very
serious situation and this girl this 18
year old she was 18 when it started she
came on the internet and she made the
most mature statement anybody ever made
before during her since she came on the
internet and she said you know initio is
not a bad guy his wife is not a bad
woman they're not bad people sometimes
bad people but part of me sometimes good
people just make bad decisions beautiful
this is like you know somebody who's
been trained in political science would
rarely make such a mature and reasonable
statement and in this he and all you had
to do was appreciate that and all you
had to do was say back I understand
you're hurt I understand you know the
sorrow and anguish you must be going
through and you know it's not for no
reason this is a situation which any
reasonable person would be feeling a lot
of sorrow a lot of anguish and initia
NIF you had said that one year ago then
still too
both sides of the conflict could have
kept it at that level the other woman
Billy she could still be saying you're
not a bad person
you just made some of the wrong choices
just made some bad decisions and you
could still be saying I understand there
are a lot of hurt feelings it's too bad
it worked out this way you know Wow why
do I care about anisia at all someone
here in my livestream was just asking I
mean why is this even interesting to me
you know I think if you're on YouTube
whether you're in a small pond or a big
pond whether you're making videos for a
category that's so specialized you can
never make any money out of it or you're
on the more commercial side trying to
earn your living on YouTube guys who
came on first and guys who really rode
this wagon until the wheels fell off
they showed us the dangers and the
potential of YouTube they showed us how
YouTube can change your life and destroy
your life in so many ways anisia and the
amazing atheists they are really the
Trailblazers they're some of the first
guys to come on and do it large and
anisia Joe's you the ways in which a
certain kind of megalomania and stardom
can creep into your life even when I
mean you know initia n-- he's not famous
he's achieved the kind of micro Fame
he's achieved a kind notoriety you know
for some segments of the public but you
know if you pick up a newspaper you're
never gonna see an issue and in the
front 10 pages and you're never gonna
see an issue in the back 10 pages either
right and that's worth keeping in mind
but nevertheless I mean this guy got
himself into a situation where I mean
and now he's basically taking the red
flags the warning signs he should have
paid attention to himself and using them
to harass and insult and denigrate this
younger woman Billy Billy Don Webb he's
saying things like well Billy when you
were 18 and this Ian invited you into
their lives
she was an eighteen year old high school
dropout and an isiand paid her according
to him paid her $10,000 10,000 u.s.
dollars he offered to buy her a car and
he was paying for her to get a driver's
license so that he could buy her a car
and he was committed to paying for her
tuition so she could go to a college for
cosmetology in a beauty school or some
people say aesthetics school okay you
know you know you tell me Ana Seon did
you fall in love with this girl did you
choose her despite those red flags or
because of them initia now says she
comes from a bad home and she has a
traumatic past anissa's publicly and the
girl was not a do it publicly that this
girl had a traumatic experience with
being a victim of rape of some kind that
she had a it was a victim of having an
some terrible situation she had an
abortion
this stuff is all vague and I think it's
made more vague so it's even more
defamatory towards her and so on he's
really doing this to shame and humiliate
her and he says that she comes from a
bad family a family of criminals and
she's grown up in these way okay
okay Ana sein okay so do you want us to
believe that you chose her because you
you you picked her you chose her and you
paid for her airplane ticket and you put
ten thousand dollars in her pocket for
her time are you saying you chose her
despite those facts or because of them
there are some 18 year olds who are I
think so pugnacious so self-confident so
self-reliant that they could cope with
the situation this young woman was put
into I assume when she was 18 and then
19 I assume she got a year older at some
point
there are some people who could cope
with it at that age not this one
Greg not this one and I see I think of
all the 18 year olds you could possibly
profile you yourself
vincius Greg you yourself in condemning
this woman in defaming her and
denouncing her this way you are listing
off exactly the reasons exactly the
factors that would make her weak
susceptible unable to resist unable to
stand up for herself unable to enter
into this especially high stress and
bizarre relationship a three-way
relationship with you know a 30 year old
man a 30 year old man putting money in
her pocket and buying her a car you've
listed off so many factors that don't
reflect badly on her they were affect
badly on you Greg because you chose her
you chose to play by these rules and you
chose to treat it this way okay so I do
have to think about this stuff you know
in contrast to my own life I would never
be in a situation comparable to the one
initia got himself into that's me
however you know it still is amazing
there are some parallels there are
things where I have to stop and reflect
on it
the tiny amount of Fame I have on the
Internet is still enough to really
result in a lot of women sending me love
letters trying to start relationships
with me sometimes sending me nude emails
of themselves sometimes sending me
highly intellectual and yet seductive
emails talking about their background
and so on any level of Fame on the
internet leads to these this potential
for these kinds of bizarre relationships
and when those women are seeking me out
very often I can see I can see what
their reasons are there are women who
get in touch with me and they've always
wanted to find a certain kind of
intellectual man and that's exactly the
kind of man who's been absent from their
own life there are women who always
picture themselves getting with a
certain kind of politically engaged
intellectual but the reality is every
guy they dated just sits on the couch
watching ice hockey or watching American
football or smoking marijuana and
playing video games they're incredibly
disappointed with the men they've
actually known even though they may be
good guys in other ways and they see in
me something they were looking for all
along obviously there's the vegan thing
there all these other all these other
you know factors involved and you know I
mean the human heart is a dangerous
thing toy with I've seen situations
where that conversation only progresses
to the point where I'm saying the woman
okay you're interested in me and you've
convinced me I'm interested in you
nothing else happens nothing happens
beyond you know the conversation getting
to that point where you know you're
expressing mutual interest and what that
means if we're keeping it all the way
real and most people would not would not
keep it quite this real that means we
admit that we're not in love but we'd
like to be we'd like to try to fall in
love if circumstances permitted it and
you know just getting to that point just
getting that point with someone who
knows you over the internet it is
amazing what devastating consequences
that can have in that woman's life how
everything can change at her end of the
wire at her end of the email at her end
of the Skype car
recession the tremendous knock-on
effects in her life that it could have
when for her you've gone from being
someone she's seen on YouTube in my case
a lot of these women they've seen more
than 100 of my videos they may have read
my articles they feel that they know me
and a lot of the time they're right a
lot of time they really do know me they
know me much better than people who know
me in real life because Who I am on
YouTube and who I'm ass is it really
does reflect Who I am so some people
some people don't know me but some
people really do this way you know and
all you can say all I can say is Wow
understand that you're upset you're
upset for a good reason
Shh my new year's resolution you know
was gonna be to bring more of my
personal life on camera I don't know
what I was just thinking you know it's
kind of lame how my YouTube reality is
separated from personal life I was
thinking really positively about that
and then just by having stance I saw
this disaster going down in initia n--'s
personal life and i turned a corner I
thought no my New Year's resolution is
don't turn into an issue don't become as
you know I don't even want to become
five percent of what Ana C&S become and
a Nisshin
you know this is the comment I sent to
him I think he did see it it's not worth
explaining why because on that video he
was vetting all the comments I said to
him this is one of those situations in
which somebody explains and explains but
only ends up making things worse and
worse stop explaining Big O just
sympathize with the other side and say
that you're sore you've heard others the
explanations only make it worse and you
know what now in this situation a
Nisshin is very far from blameless and
he has taken some of the blame he's
accepted some of the blame but I mean
I've been alluding to there are
situations where I'm genuinely blameless
I'm not anything but all I can say to
the person on the other side of the wire
is you know I'm sorry that you've end up
hurt I'm sorry you've ended up upset
sorry the sadness you know devastating
effect on you if I were in your
situation this is how I would feel I
would be devastated or I would feel you
know not just sorrow but rage you know
talk about how I would feel throws in
that other person's situation there are
circumstances where I can't you know
take on the plane but I didn't do
nothing wrong or I didn't do nothing at
all
[Music]
just sympathize the other side show that
you sympathize to the side say that
you're sorry that you've hurt the other
person or sorry that they've ended up
getting hurt the explanations only make
things worse